 

Description

Please indicate in the "specific source" field on your application where you met us! Include the name and/or location of the Hiring Event or Career Fair you attended.

We are looking for someone to join our software development team who can contribute to the development of high quality software solutions for the family of Light Armoured Vehicles and who is willing to learn new skills. At Land Systems-Canada, we develop software for both embedded controls and desktop applications. We are looking for an intern who is interested in either embedded or desktop development and is flexible and willing to support either area. The anticipated start date for the role is May 2026, with an expected 4-month term. However, a variety of start dates and durations for this role are possible. Feel free to indicate your availability on your application.

Job Description:

You will support the team as required in some or all of the following stages of software development:

    Requirements definition
    Planning
    Software development (desktop applications, applications for state machines, etc.)
    Software testing
    Reporting
    Issues tracking and sesolution

Preferred qualifications or experience:

    Development on a variety of platforms including Window CE/Embedded and Linux
    C or C++ (x86/64, ARM, Motorola, Freescale)
    Experience with Unified Modeling Language (UML) design and/or model driven development
    Experience with serial protocols for communication and logging
    Testing and debugging skills
    Knowledge of vehicle communication network protocols (SAE J1939, TCP/IP, UDP)
    Ability to participate in concept, UI, and feature development
    Strong oral and written communication, interpersonal and organizational skills
    Must be able to meet Anthropometrical Size Requirements for confined space
    Control theory / Mechatronics
    Experience in Linux
    Real-time systems
    Vehicle systems
    Safety Critical Systems - (i.e. ISO 26262/MISRA)
    Cyber Security - (i.e. SAE J3061, NIST)
    Agile, V-Model, Atlassian Suite
    Development experience with Qt, Xamarin Forms, Windows Forms

Physical Conditions and Hazards:

The conditions in which an individual or staff works, including but not limited to such things as amenities, physical environment, stress and noise levels, degree of safety or danger, temperature, location.

1) Physical Environment: Office

2) Hazards: NA

Physical Demands Description:

This section objectively captures and describes the physical demands that are required to perform a particular job or role. Usually completed by the ergonomist

Usual mobility demands required are standing, walking, sitting, and stair climbing to access upper offices as well as climbing in an out of Light Armoured Vehicles.

Equipment Utilized:

This section describes the type of equipment an employee is required to use:

Computer

Phone

Mobile device

Medical Surveillance

May include: Anthropometrical Size Restrictions depending on task

Personal Protective Equipment:

Applicable when interacting with shop floor (safety shoes, safety glasses, hearing protection. extraction coveralls)
